# Meeting Minutes

**Date:** 08-08-2024

**Time:** 1:30pm – 4:00pm

**Location:** Old Engineering Building 

**Attendees:**  
- James Launder
- Kah Meng Lee
- Kevin Wu
- Henry Hamer

**Absent:**  
## Agenda Items
### 1. Made changes to existing domain diagram
**Discussion points**
- Discussion of multiplicities between event and venue
- Came to a shared conclusion that event and venue should have a one to one relation.
- Discussed the inclusion of review relational entity.
- Came to a shared conclusion that we should inclue a review relational entity since the specification mentions that multiple faculty members can review the same application. 

**Decision/Action Items:**
- Made changes on the domain diagram immediately 

### 2. Creation of the domain diagram report 
**Discussion:**
- Incrementally built up the report together. 
- Split the report into multiple sections. First section includes explanations of entities and relational entities. In the second section we explained our associations
- Added domain diagram to the report
- Finished draft of the report

**Decision/Action Items:**
- Do individuals reviews of the draft before next meeting and come with questions/suggestions
- Submit the report and domain diagram with the tag.

### 3. Editing the github
- Added diagrams and text folders to store members shared efforts.

## Next Meeting
- **Date:** 08-Aug-2024
- **Time:** 12pm
- **Location:** Old Engineering Grad Lounge

**Minutes Submitted by:**  

- Kah Meng

- **Date:** 08-08-2024
